Start -- important code to take note 

Tasks
  dont forget to put function before you run your code!!!
  round decimals!

Personal Questions
  Github button on jupyter wont let me work on my github file? Need to meet live to resolve issue
   it says read only???
  Somtimes when I load it it loads into a main file called jovyan??
  created a branch inside jupyter called WillPractice, which is different from github file.
   there are different ways. you cna just do it in jupyet or you cna do it in github then linked jupyet to run the cpde. Its asking for a link. What is the link?
   github seems to be better from a coding standpoint. 

  Whn you log off and comeback to it. you need to run all the cells above it, which takes a long time vs just running it offline??
Personal Experience Jupyter
  Module 3
    Its not clear weather education or Education is being asked


Remarks
  Tried putting if statements 
  a better use of time would be to just work on conetent not code
  placed some explanations on what some code does
  
  added more more explanations

Module 1
  Question: Your turn! Try using the glimpse() function to check out the data. Store your answer in a variable called answer0
  Issue: print and glimpse work at the same time
  Remark: added a function to check if student considered case sensitivity. 
  
  Q:try it our yourself! What is the maximum value for education in this data set? (hint, try the max() function)
  Issue: does not print out the actual max value
  
  Q:We will first describe the gender wealth gap. In R, there are many ways we could compute basic descriptive statistics. The simplest way is to use summarize and group_by
  I: the tibble has <fct>, <dbl>. Confusing.
  
  Q:  Advanced Note: piping The above example us 
  I:we can out a step by step on what exactly piping does
  
  explain what a tibble is
  Q:We also see how this breaks down by gender. Look at the following table - do you see a pattern?
  I: "`summarise()` has grouped output by 'education'. You can override using the
`.groups` argument." 
  R: I dont know whwat this error means btu the code still works. 
  
  Never explained what mutate is?

    Activity 2 has no test function?

Activity 3 percentage table function is wrongly labeled, suppose to be income gap not welath gap
  has no test function as well
  it would be helpful to be income gap and wealth gap side by side
  
  fixe test 3 and test 4
  test 5 and 6 dont work
  test 7 and 8 dont work
  
  can you put a t test inside a digest?? wouldnt it be better to compare the round estimate??
tab2_income_percent could use test functions

tables should relfect that we are talking about after tax income now

can you write a function tht copies the table that we compare it too so that students dont need to scroll back up to look for the said table 

SHort Answer 3&4
  ask would this be what we expect. What could explain this finding
Short answer 6
  we can also ask what are possible reasons for this to be the case rather than just asking students to describe the data
  
  Module 4 has a typio in Short answer 1
  test function in module 4 are just wrong
